#summary This page contains links and information about all of the current C/C++ Codec downloads for RL-Glue.

*Notes:* To use this or any other codec, you must have RL-Glue Core installed first.

<wiki:toc  />

= Available Downloads (only one is required)=

==Source (All Platforms)==
  [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/files/c-codec-2.0.tar.gz C/C++ Codec Source Distribution 2.0 (.tar.gz)] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=c-codec-2.0.tar.gz (File Details)]
 This is a platform-independent project that was built using the GNU Autotools.  It should install on most Linux and Unix platforms, including Mac OS X (Intel and PowerPC) and on Microsoft Windows under Cygwin.

==Disk Image (Intel Mac OS X)==
  [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/files/RL-Glue-3.02-and-C-Codec.dmg Mac OS X RL-Glue Core Project and C/C++ Codec Disk Image 3.02] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=RL-Glue-3.02-and-C-Codec.dmg (File Details)]
This is an OS X disk image with familiar installer that will install both RL-Glue Core and the C/C++ Codec onto your Mac.  Intel Mac only. You do not need to install the C/C++ Codec separately if you use this option.
It contains:
  * Installer program (.pkg) for pre-compiled libraries, headers, and rl_glue executable socket server.
  * Uninstall script for removing all of the above
  * The documentation for RL-Glue and the C/C++ codec(PDF)
  * The examples for RL-Glue and the C/C++ codec
==Linux .deb and .rpm packages==


===Debian/Ubuntu : DEB packages ===
  [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/files/rl-glue-c-codec_2.0-1_i386.deb  C/C++ Codec .deb package (32-bit) 2.0] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=rl-glue-c-codec_2.0-1_i386.deb (File Details)]


  [FILE-LINK C/C++ Codec .deb package (64-bit) VERSION] [DETAILS-LINK (File Details)]

This is an Debian/Ubuntu package with familiar installer procedure that will install RL-Glue C/C++ Codec.

It contains:
  * Installer package (.deb) for pre-compiled libraries and headers
  * Can be uninstalled with apt
  * The documentation for the C/C++ codec (HTML)
  * The examples for C/C++ codec
