#summary This page contains links and information about all of the current Lisp Codec downloads for RL-Glue.

*Notes:* To use this or any other codec, you must have RL-Glue Core installed first.

=== Available Downloads ===

 * [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/files/lisp-codec-full-1.0.tar.gz Lisp Codec Full Distribution 1.0] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=lisp-codec-full-1.0.tar.gz (File Details)]

  The *full* distribution contains a pre-configured ASDF environment with all the ASDF libraries required to use the codec. There is no need of any ASDF installation and configuration knowledge to use this distribution.
  
  _Recommended for users without [http://common-lisp.net/project/asdf/ ASDF] experience._

  Quick install and usage
  <code>
  $ # Choose the install destination.
  $ cd /path/to

  $ # Unpack the files
  $ tar -zxf lisp-codec-full-1.0.tar.gz

  $ # Start your Lisp
  $ lisp
  *

  * ; Initalize the ASDF system
  * (load #p"/path/to/lisp-codec-full/setup")
  </code>

 * [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/files/lisp-codec-asdf-1.0.tar.gz Lisp Codec ASDF Distribution 1.0] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=lisp-codec-asdf-1.0.tar.gz (File Details)]

  The *asdf* distribution contains only the rl-glue-codec, rl-glue-utils and rl-glue-examples ASDF packages. If you choose this, you have to install the required additional libraries on your own.

  _Recommended for users with [http://common-lisp.net/project/asdf/ ASDF] experience._

 * [LISP-ASDF-DEV Lisp Codec Developer Distribution 1.0] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=lisp-codec-dev-1.0.tar.gz (File Details)]

  The *dev* distribution contains a snapshot of the development directory. It includes source code, tests, documentation and development tools.
  
  _Recommended for Lisp Codec developers._

=== Official Documentation ===
 * Lisp Codec Manual [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/projects/codecs/Lisp/doc/manual/lisp-codec.pdf (PDF)] 
 * Lisp Codec API Reference [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/projects/codecs/Lisp/doc/reference/index.html (HTML)]

=== Lisp Codec Homepage ===
For more information about the Lisp codec, and others, please visit the RL-Glue homepage:
[http://glue.rl-community.org]

And the Lisp Codec Homepage:
[http://glue.rl-community.org/Home/Extensions/lisp-codec]

=== Past Versions ===
To list all past versions of the Lisp codec, go here:
[http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/list?q=language:Lisp]
