#summary This page contains links and information about all of the current C/C++ Codec downloads for RL-Glue.

*Notes:* To use this or any other codec, you must have RL-Glue Core installed first.

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Available Downloads (only one is required)=

==Source (All Platforms)==
  [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/files/c-codec-2.0.tar.gz C/C++ Codec Source Distribution 2.0 (.tar.gz)] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=c-codec-2.0.tar.gz (File Details)]
 This is a platform-independent project that was built using the GNU Autotools.  It should install on most Linux and Unix platforms, including Mac OS X (Intel and PowerPC) and on Microsoft Windows under Cygwin.

==Disk Image (Intel Mac OS X)==
  [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/files/RL-Glue-3.01-and-C-Codec.dmg Mac OS X RL-Glue Core Project and C/C++ Codec Disk Image 3.01] [http://code.google.com/p/rl-glue-ext/downloads/detail?name=RL-Glue-3.01-and-C-Codec.dmg (File Details)]
This is an OS X disk image with familiar installer that will install both RL-Glue Core and the C/C++ Codec onto your Mac.  Intel Mac only. You do not need to install the C/C++ Codec separately if you use this option.
It contains:
  * Installer program (.pkg) for pre-compiled libraries, headers, and rl_glue executable socket server.
  * Uninstall script for removing all of the above
  * The documentation for RL-Glue and the C/C++ codec(PDF)
  * The examples for RL-Glue and the C/C++ codec
= Source / AutoTools Quick Install Guide =
{{{
#Unpack the files
>$ tar -zxf c-codec-2.0-RC-FINAL-1.tar.gz

#Change to unpacked directory
>$ cd /path/to/c-codec-2.0-RC-FINAL-1

#Configure the installation (for advanced options see the manual)
>$ ./configure

#Build the software
>$ make

#Install the software (requires admin privileges)
>$ sudo make install
}}}

= Official Documentation =
 * C/C++ Codec Manual [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/projects/codecs/C/docs/html/index.html (HTML)] [http://rl-glue-ext.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/projects/codecs/C/docs/C-Codec.pdf (PDF)] 

= C/C++ Codec Homepage =
For more information about the C/C++ codec, and others, please visit the RL-Glue homepage:
[http://glue.rl-community.org]

And the C/C++ Codec Homepage:
[http://glue.rl-community.org/Home/Extensions/c-c-codec]